Hello @everyone

Thank you for taking the time to read this, I apologize that it took so long. 


Reading through what’s been said so far in the neutral ground, I’m seeing a lot of criticism directed my way from admins that are unhappy with my unilateral actions yesterday. I shouldn't need to remind you that it was unilateral action on the part of whoever kicked me from the PCEO server that triggered all of this.

As some of you already know, the action I took yesterday was to dissolve the council after being 
Kicked from the server, and subsequently demoting Badsport when he overruled the decision. After this happened, I was once again kicked without a vote.

@xBadSprtTee#3831 I hope you can understand my immense frustration given the circumstances. It was not a good time to test me my patience. 

Oddly enough, it was my displeasure at the lack of due process, council voting, and unilateral 
action from admins that prompted me to seek structural improvements over these last few months. The mandatory midterm roll out the other day is just the latest example of a dubious decision made without a council vote.

The feedback I always get from those in power is: 'It works fine as it is'. 

Having spoken to large numbers of team members prior to this, and with a backlog of complaints from members, this is clearly not the case, and has not been the case for a long time. I've tried to bring it up with council members, but a continued reluctance to admit there is a problem is no longer acceptable to myself, or the majority of the team. 

When I founded the Peaceful Council, I did not intend for it to function like a cabal.
 
In terms of dissolving the current council, I will be sticking with my decision. I've told all current councillors to reach out to me if they wish to remain, and a new formal process that 
involves the wider team will be needed for a fairer selection/deselection process moving forwards. Not only is this more democratic, but it ensures long term sustainability by ensuring the admin team is current, with inactive or abusive admins being periodically replaced by those below. This will not happen overnight, so a transition period can be agreed upon if necessary.

On that subject, I'll admit that I jumped the gun yesterday with a team wide referendum. Some have suggested that the process was not entirely fair, which I fully understand. If this is indeed the general consensus, then I believe the result should be nullified, no matter how clear or one sided the results happened to be. A vote can be re-held if necessary, and I'm open to suggestions on the best way to proceed in this regard.

Regarding my permissions on the PCEO Discord server; I was placed 4th in the hierarchy after the Slack transition - below community councillor and chairman. This is something nobody agreed to, and it meant my ability to appoint/demote community councillors or appoint a chairman was lost (as well as threatening my position within the server). I see both executive roles as regulatory in nature, and necessary to prevent power vacuums or the situations we've witnessed over the last few days. I've learned my lesson, and I'll be sure to set up my own communication servers from now on. 

I'm told that addressing this problem on the current server requires action from n3on, but he has 
so far refused to cooperate. Unless this is addressed, I will be left with no choice but to 
authorise the team to move ahead with the creation of a new server, effectively splitting PCEO.

I am 100% in favour of a single, unified server for the PCEO community on GTA, however the events of the last few days have demonstrated beyond doubt that the current server lacks an appropriate failsafe, and this cannot be allowed to continue.

In the absence of an executive regulatory power, individual council members have been able to assume disproportionate levels of control by virtue of their activity levels, historical position and 
reputation.

@BunchyNose073#3584 is one of these people, and his unilateral action in the decision to kick me is a perfect illustration of the issue I'm trying to fix.

Bunchy has been a tremendous servant for the crew, and I would like to personally thank him for all of his efforts up to this point. He is correct in saying that I haven’t thanked him enough.

With that said, activity levels alone are not enough to justify the behaviour I've witnessed, and 
from a PR perspective his attitude has been of great concern to many. The actions of the last few days have confirmed that he is unfit for his current role. I'm unsure what this means moving forward, so I'd appreciate a dignified discussion on the matter. 

The last point I want to address is the criticism of my in-game activity levels. Long term members might find the historical context of this argument to be an amusing repeat of history, however I'll admit that it's an issue for me. Personally, I would love to play a lot more GTA than I currently do, but my time is focussed on community development outside of the game. The few times I do get online, I'm mostly recording  content to go on our new Peaceful Gamers platform.



As many of you are aware, the purpose of this platform is to serve as a 'hub' to allow 
members to continue playing cooperatively whilst branching out to other games. I've invested time and money into this, and plan to continue doing so. Eventually we will have something much larger, mature, and ultimately a lot more professional than what we have now. 


From a development sense, this will likely require an additional 'top level' team that is more business like, and less prone to these 'Game of Thrones' style theatrics. 

Leading this team will necessitate my reduced input in terms of game specific council involvement. The accusation that I want to micromanage and 'rule' over the council couldn't be further from the truth. In fact, it is the exact opposite; making sure there is a failsafe and sufficient formal process is exactly what's needed for me to take my hands away and focus on development.

Ultimately, gaming is supposed to be about having fun and making friends. I would like to sincerely apologise to anyone that feels my actions have lead to animosity, and I will try my best to make things right.

As for everybody else, I can't express my gratitude enough - it's been an absolute pleasure to play with you all so far, and my hope is that it  may continue for many years to come.

All the best for now,
